happy Sunday everybody I decided to
dress like Bray Wyatt today just kidding
it's Father's Day
in most countries I think some countries
it's not but for most countries it's
Father's Day it's a commercial day I'm
not very big on it but for those that
celebrate it it's fantastic
everyone needs a father figure guidance
person in their lives and I'm glad that
I get to be one so I know when you go do
something for Father's Day
Mary and Jessi are taking me out to a
melting pot
yeah we haven't been here in a while
nothing putts like a fondue place fondue
for those guys that don't know eat a
little ball at your table put some
cheese in it dip your food in chocolate
also meat like filet mignon or chicken
or so these are the selection this
Mary's getting us unlike this price fix
thing it's 40 bucks a person so it's a
kind of expensive you need to select one
type of cheese fondue your selected
salad we have to select four different
types of meats a cooking style and the
chocolate fondue
we've got cheese it's cheddar cheese
which beer base
it looks amazing how is it and these are
our dippers - so we've got different
types of bread you got green apples and
veggies it's time for some salads Mary
got a house salad Jesse and I got Caesar
and our broth is cooking me sort of a
canned bring the meats out or we can
start the cooking of the meats so we've
got vegetables the vegetables just get
dumped in and everything cooks along
with them like two and a half minutes
Jerry's got filet she's freaking in
about Jesse but because she's a mother
but we've got filet mignon chicken
shrimp pork but everything's the same
over here so we got raviolis
we got Jessie trying not to make a mess
and burn everybody look at that face
she's determined to burn everybody by
the way I was tricking still only going
along with this mary has like a merlot
to deserve the guy like just standard
chocolate peanut butter these are
already on some things to dip in it
how's the food so far look at that
lightning over there you hear the frog
in the background I get out it's a nice
snore me night we are overrun by frogs
too we got that one there you get this
guy up here we got this guy over here we
got those two up there we got a whole
frog army over here hey we're back home
that dinner was phenomenal it's not a
thing that we do often it's a little
pricey like I said it was about 40 bucks
per person I'm not including the drinks
but it was unlimited meat if you have
however much meat you want it to eat in
marriage laughing in the next room you
could have had whatever you want it but
it's always great we love the melting
pot there's another place in town also
called Colorado fondue company I like
that place also but thank you to my
lovely daughter and well hopefully wife
for an awesome Father's Day we get to
relax most of the day actually how to
edit two videos so that wasn't a lot of
relaxing and nice look Jesse slept she
worked hard sleeping yeah but oh no
we're gonna go to sleep so thank you for
all of your likes thank you for your
comments thank you a few subscriptions
to another so you want to be treated
have a great night
see you guys